site/content/story/episode-1-the-road-to-blizzcon-2017-and-the-overwatch-world-cup.md, before:

---
title: Episode 1 - The road to Blizzcon 2017 and the Overwatch World Cup
date: 2017-10-31T19:54:08.957Z
description: >-
  Eric and Ashton talk about the lead-up to Blizzcon and the 2017 Overwatch
  World Cup as well as the first officially announced Overwatch League teams.
---
<iframe width="100%" height="300" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/tracks/349463276&amp;color=%238992b9&amp;auto_play=false&amp;hide_related=false&amp;show_comments=true&amp;show_user=true&amp;show_reposts=false&amp;show_teaser=true&amp;visual=true"></iframe>

Welcome to MEKAcast, a new podcast dedicated to the world of competitive Overwatch. In our very first episode, Eric and Ashton talk about the lead-up to Blizzcon and the 2017 Overwatch World Cup as well as the first officially announced Overwatch League teams. We also discuss the improvements Blizzard is making to the eSports experience along with some upcoming changes to Mercy that Jeff Kaplan has teased.

Find us at[mekacast.com](https://exit.sc/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fmekacast.com "http\://mekacast.com")for blog posts or to interact with us on our social media channels.

This episode was produced by Ashton Herrmann

Commit message:

Update Story “episode-1-the-road-to-blizzcon-2017-and-the-overwatch-world-cup”

site/content/story/episode-1-the-road-to-blizzcon-2017-and-the-overwatch-world-cup.md, after:

---
title: Episode 1 - The road to Blizzcon 2017 and the Overwatch World Cup
keywords: >-
  Blizzcon,Overwatch,Overwatch League,MEKAcast,Episode,Podcast,Overwatch World
  Cup
date: 2017-10-31T19:54:08.957Z
description: >-
  Eric and Ashton talk about the lead-up to Blizzcon and the 2017 Overwatch
  World Cup as well as the first officially announced Overwatch League teams.
---
<iframe width="100%" height="300" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/tracks/349463276&amp;color=%238992b9&amp;auto_play=false&amp;hide_related=false&amp;show_comments=true&amp;show_user=true&amp;show_reposts=false&amp;show_teaser=true&amp;visual=true"></iframe>

Welcome to MEKAcast, a new podcast dedicated to the world of competitive Overwatch. In our very first episode, Eric and Ashton talk about the lead-up to Blizzcon and the 2017 Overwatch World Cup as well as the first officially announced Overwatch League teams. We also discuss the improvements Blizzard is making to the eSports experience along with some upcoming changes to Mercy that Jeff Kaplan has teased.

Find us at [mekacast.com](https://mekacast.com) for blog posts or to interact with us on our social media channels.

This episode was produced by Ashton Herrmann
